# Moneydance-Scripts-2026
Moneydance Scripts 2026
These scripts are used by me almost dayly to keep my moneydance Investment accounts up to date. 
runScripts.py is a Jython Java swing program that allows you too quicly choose which script you want to run. 
I put dummy Accounts in AccountNames.py The account numbers must match what ever your using in moneydance. 
You need to put your stockwatch user name and password in Passwords.py You only need a Stockwatch account if you want to run UpdateDaylyStockwatch.py you run it manually at the end of the trading day to get the close prices put into moneydance. moneydance does dailey stuff . If you want real time quotes use stockwatch. I only want moneydance to tell me how muh I lost(or gained) at the end of the day. (Networth)
updateHistoryStockwatch.py will load a years worth of price history into moneydance for a ticker. You have to manualy download the history files from stockwatch to do this first. (not used much) Put all the scripts in /opt/moneydance/scripts Then you could run execfile("runScripts.py") on a jython console. or use the moneydance Developer Console to Open the Script and then Run it. The Investment Account tranaaction update scripts assume you have downloaded the csv files from the bank and put them in ~/Downloads. The Investment Account tranaaction scripts for complex because the Bank keeps coming up with new actions. I will write a seperate doc on how to maintain these scripts there are three of them now. Scotia, BMO and CIBC. runScripts runs BMO-Inv-new.py for example Scotia-Inv-new.py can be run from a console or the moneydance developer console. feb 26 2026 I have changed the scripts to use import instaed of execfile .. To be more pythonic. It keeps the local namespace cleaner. Have added support for CIBC . So I now have three Banks (oh dear) I will include some scipts that I have written to pull tranactions out of pdf statements I have one credit card (Amazon) that has no other way of providing me with data. I also have some credit cards that only provide 3 months of on line data. I'm trying to get rid of the cards that don't have at least a year of online data available. Thats why CIBC has entered my world. My Costco card has data available back to 2011.
